Promoting feature CustomResourceValidationExpressions to beta (#35029)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions.md

## Validation rules

{{< feature-state state="beta" for_k8s_version="v1.25" >}}

Validation rules are in beta since 1.25 and the
`CustomResourceValidationExpressions` [feature
gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is enabled by default to validate custom resource

>  based on given validation rules. The feature could be disabled by turning off the feature gate `CustomResourceValidationExpressions`.

Reviewer: Is this right?
```suggestion
based on _validation rules_. You can disable this feature by explicitly setting the
`CustomResourceValidationExpressions` feature gate to `false`,
for the `kube-apiserver` component.
```

Reviewer 2: I like sftim's suggestion here
Maybe link to the kube-apiserver page that lists feature gates?
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-apiserver/

This is because each item of `foo` is itself an array, and each subarray in turn calls `self.all`. Avoid nested
lists and maps if possible where validation rules are used.

#### Validation Rules Metrics

Two metrics are provided for validation rules currently: `cel_compilation_duration_seconds` and `cel_evaluation_duration_seconds`. 
Those metrics could be used to track the time costed in compilation or evaluation time.
```
# HELP cel_compilation_duration_seconds [ALPHA] 
# TYPE cel_compilation_duration_seconds histogram
# HELP cel_evaluation_duration_seconds [ALPHA] 
# TYPE cel_evaluation_duration_seconds histogram

> ```

Reviewer: We only document stable metrics at the moment:
- https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/system-metrics/

If we add a reference page that lists all metrics, including unstable metrics, then these are welcome to go into that list. I wouldn't publish them separately as the instrumentation folks have plenty of other areas of docs that they are I think prioritising.
Instead of listing these in the task page, how about mentioning them in the related blog article - see #35459

Author: Thank you! I have removed the metrics.
